So by now you've had a very successful piece of ego base you've put out a successful in for graphic
and anger thinking about hey can you follow that up and have another successful piece the content that's
going to generate some buzz and links.
And so that's why in this lecture I want to show you how you can build things by uploading a presentation
online.
And what I also want to show you is a very successful presentation that was uploaded on to slides should
I come from a local venture capitalist company here in Dublin and I think that really highlights how
SlideShare telcom can be used and how successful in Arnone building things but also building your brand
building social media marketing.
And also just a great content marketing tool as well.
So SlideShare as you can guess from the name is a document sharing site and its comparable to the YouTube
in its field in terms of its size.
And then also the reason that people upload presentations on a slide show is number one.
The presentations are viewable across all devices.
They don't need to have PowerPoint or whatever.
Number two as well that people can embed the presentations into their sites so that's hugely powerful
for building things.
So the slide show is really great because it often appears on the first page of Google.
So as you can see Teigen Irish tech startups in the top four results we've got a SlideShare example
here.
So I've already opened it up and we can just have a bit of a look at it here but it's prepared by venture
capitalist firm here in Dublin.
And really what it gives is an overview of the text of startup scene in Dublin a topic that's quite
interesting.
I made a point to the presentation is to show the growth in the tech startup scene so as you can see
there is no bit of branding about the guys who have written it's so great brand building going on there
.
And so let's have a quick look through some numbers.
Fox their world competitiveness etc. Some almost infographics type visuals.
This is the really interesting part for me and I think this is really caused a lot of people's attention
that they show over a kind of a time line visually how much the technology scene has grown into them
.
So this was before 2000s then this is 10 years later all the new companies that came in and then that
was two years later again all the companies that are comments are really showing the explosion in the
tech scene and dozens of very interesting very visual.
And summing it up quite fast.
You know we talked about ego bait before and creating content that that will make other people look
good and they've done that very well in this presentation is less so as you can see they've included
here a lot of enterprises and SAS companies based in Dublin so obviously want to share this if you're
you know data hog or log entries or any of these guys because it looks like you're one of the top startups
in Dublin and you're being recognized as taught CD-ROMs the going to share this and push it down on
social media to your followers.
That was the really very smart part about this presentation is that there was that ego bait aspect to
it and really creating something that people want to share with their followers.
So social media is today broken it up into different sections again really capturing a huge amount of
people.
And again this is just like you know the most important people so ego bait all over again.
And some of the important people obviously they want to share with them so they've really captured a
lot of people very quickly.
All the startup accountants et cetera recruiters So really everybody involved in the scene so I think
does it Bridie brilliant example of ego based.
No it's an important part.
Let's look at this desists so as he concedes had 77 times and views on SlideShare share Froman then
imbeds it's hard.
Twenty five thousand views so that's people taking this presentation.
You can see here you can get the embed code and putting it onto their blogs or their Web sites.
Here we go.
We've got a market in Ireland.
Irish Central Frontline has a couple other guys here meaning Casey broke she's probably a lot of people
mentioned in the presentation.
And that again generated a huge amount of awareness about Frontline and a huge amount of links back
to this site as well.
So I really just think this is a great example of how it was done well and across social media than
Linked-In very popular.
Facebook and Twitter so these guys did it really well.
And I would suggest you follow that example if you're creating these SlideShare first create that kind
of interesting story in terms of the groet the over time line visually represent that and then include
everybody you can in order to get lots of shares.